General comments
================

This is a very well written and interesting chapter and even if I had
read some of the deployment papers earlier, I found it very
interesting, in particular the first five sections. Some minor
suggestions to further improve the chapter are as follows:

- While Lance in Section 6 and onwards is interesting, the lessons
  learnt for someone who plans a deployment are fewer than in the
  previous sections. Do you have any more insights that you can play
  in this part of the chapter? For instance, I'd be curious to know
  what your domain experts think about Lance. Do they feel
  comfortable in providing the various threshold values that would
  govern the system operation?

This is a touchy area and I'd probably prefer not to get into it in this kind
of a public forum. There is a lot to be said about the development of Lance
in this context but again, without running things by our volcanologists and
really hashing out with them some differences that have been smoothed over
I don't feel comfortable offering my own inherently one-sided take.

- There are no cross-references to other chapters in the book. An
  interesting comparison would be the VoxNet chapter since both focus
  on high data rate applications. The Vigilance chapter targets
  "Quality of data" but with a very different approach.

Hmmm. My understanding was that this would be done in other parts of the
book. Will revisit if necessary.

- The structuring from Section 5.4 onwards might be a little revised
  to provide an even better flow. The content of Section 5.4 may be
  moved to the beginning of Section 7, where it is (only implicitly)
  referenced.

Done.

- Also, I'm not sure if Section 6 may exist by itself,
  especially with the lonely 6.1 as subsection. You might want to merge
  that with Section 5, and try to obtain a more concise explanation of
  Lance, which is currently a tad verbose.

I have added a subsection to Section 6 to allow it to stand up on its own a
bit better. I don't think that this needs to be merged with Section 5. Most
of the text is (IMO) fairly tight already given that it was lifted from
pretty well-boiled-down conference proceedings, but I can make anotherp pass
if we need space.

Detailed comments
=================

- there is an are missing in "and are not necessarily" in line 5 of
  the abstract

Fixed.

- there is an "and" in the last sentence on the first page (abstract)
  that should not be there

Fixed.

- third last line in the intro: if "it" refers to "sensor networks",
  it should be "they", otherwise please rephrase for better clarity

Fixed.

- in 1.3 half a sentence on Lance would be nice instead of the forward
  reference

Fixed.

- I may be wrong, but it appears that Fig. 2 and 8 are not referenced
  in the text

Fixed.

- in Section "2.0" under "2. Filtering" there are two "had" in the
  last sentence

Fixed.

- in Section 2.1 after "First" (maybe 5th line), "we" is wrong or
  something is missing

Fixed.

- I like the first paragraphs in Section 3, well explained, in
  particular the second paragraph

Thanks!

- Section 3.5 is interesting, no closing parenthesis in 2nd paragraph
  after "(Section 2"

Fixed.

- at the end of Section 4 and in Section 5, Lance is mentioned and
  still the reader does not know Lance (unless she bothered to jump to
  Section 7)

Fixed.

- Fig. 14 is quite far from the text where it is referenced

I moved this around a bit but it's hard to fully address since there are two
large figures for that section and only around one page of text, meaning that
probably one of them will not be visible from the page that the text is on.

- It may be helpful to anticipate the explanation of the difference
  between "ordinal" and "cardinal" utility as soon as these two terms
  are referenced

Fixed.

- I didn't really get the connection between the first and second
  paragraph in Section 5.3

Rewrote to make slightly more clear.

- Fig. 16 talks about top/bottom instead of left/right figure. I found
  the right figure difficult to understand

Fixed the first part. Not sure what to do about the figure.

- I found the units mA/s used on same page as Fig 16 a little odd.
  Why don't you use power? Easier to relate for those that use Tmote
  Skys and know the power consumption of e.g. radio and CPU

This was a typo. Changed to mA.

- Do you have an explanation why in Fig. 17 the 4-month Zipfian
  dataset is better than "Cost bottleneck"?

Nope.
