Outline for IEEE article.
26 Sep 2005 : GWA.
Relatively stream-of-consciousness.

We're penalized 250 words/picture or tables so I think that we should aim for
2 or 3:

PHOTOS/DIAGRAMS:

1) Digitally-generated map showing Reventador and the location of all 16
stations.

GWA : I don't have this... MDW?

2) Close-up photo of one station.  Nice to get some extra miles out of this
so it would be neat if it also worked one of us and the volcano into the
picture.  This is probably at the price of a bit of loss of clarity when
describing the equipment but probably best to do that in general terms
anyway.

GWA : I have these photos on my laptop but we should choose one.  Worth
trying to label the components or just describe them loosely in the caption?

* 3) One set of data collected.  Probably most impressive would be a 16-node
seismic-only plot.

GWA : I have this as well; might want to clean it up a bit but it's pretty
much ready to go.

*** If we end up dropping one I would propose #3.  Yes it's the only real
data that we would be presenting but given the brevity and purpose of the
article I think that the locations of the stations and pictures of the
volcano are going to be sexier and more appropriate.

SKELETON OUTLINE:

The way I'm going to approach writing this is to cover a lot of what's listed
below and not worry about the word limit on the first pass.  It's likely that
what emerges will require some serious paring-down and certain sections will
vanish beneath the waves but that's fine.  Those same sections may appear in
other guises in later papers.

The most important parts to preserve IMHO are sections relating to:

1) Why this work is important, i.e. useful to the scientific community at
which it's aimed, i.e. interesting to our collaborators.

2) Why this work is hard _computer science_: high data rate, high fidelity.

3) How the systems works in _broad_ strokes: triggered data collection model,
multi-hop routing, smart laptop base station, pull-based data recovery, etc.

4) Description of the output of the system; not really worth calling an
evaluation as such but more just a description of how long the system ran,
how much data we collected, number of events, etc etc etc.

5) Some forward-looking material (very brief) perhaps discussing the utility
of this system for future volcanic monitoring or tomographic experiments,
plans for utilizing the data acquired and the triggers for mobilizing other
resources (satellites), etc.

I. 3 paragram intro as described in requirements.txt.

II. Description of the system as deployed; normally I'd slot this later but
MDW's suggested that we get right into it.

III. Segue into the usefulness of this type of 'macroscope' for volcano
monitoring; should naturally allow a bit of a step backwards to elucidate the
scientific requirements that led us to this point in the first place.

IV. Move from those scientific requirements to what makes this application
hard for computer scientists; briefly position our work within the current
application space emphasizing the much large scale and much higher data
rates.

V. Discussion of the output of the experiment and plans for future work.


NOTES:

Is it worth trying to make the argument (as we've discussed previously) that
this sort of array can be applied to other forms of trigger-based scientific
monitoring or should we stick to describing our own deployment?

